docs: add performances table for deeprank2 (#493)
DeepRank/deeprank2: README.md

```

## Computational performances

> The data generation process is rather efficient within DeepRank2. As an example, we show the time required to process the tutorials' PDB files available at [this](https://zenodo.org/record/8187806) Zenodo address. Atomic resolution and `distance_cutoff` of 5.5 Å have been used for both PPIs and SRVs, and the SRVs `radius` was set to 10 Å. The experiments are done on Apple M1 Pro, using 1 CPU only. Measures are computed on 100 data points for PPIs, and 96 for SRVs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We measured the efficiency of data generation in DeepRank2 using the tutorials' [PDB files](https://zenodo.org/record/8187806) (+/- 100 data points per data set).
Below results were obtained as an average of X runs, on Apple M1 Pro, using a single CPU.
Parameter settings as follows: resolution: atomic; `distance_cutoff`:5.5 Å; radius (for SRV only): 10 Å. 
```

|------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------:|:--------------------------------:|
| PPIs | `components`, `contact`, `exposure`, `irc`, `secondary_structure`, `surfacearea`, 33 features in total. | `conservation` feature module was not used because PSSM files were not available for the data.                                                                                                                                                 | graph only: **3.58** (std 0.27) <br />graph+grid: **12.92** (std 1.39) | graph only: **0.54** (std 0.07) <br />graph+grid: **16.09** (std 0.44) |

> | SRVs | `components`, `contact`, `exposure`, `irc`, `secondary_structure`, `surfacearea`, 26 features in total.                        | Same as above for `conservation`. | graph only: **1.82** (std 0.37)   <br />graph+grid: **2.58** (std 0.66) | graph only: **0.05** (std 0.01)   <br />graph+grid: **8.52** (std 8.50)|

Reviewer: I would remove the first two columns from the table and instead make a general statement about the features used above (especially because it's now the same for both).

## Computational performances

We measured the efficiency of data generation in DeepRank2 using the tutorials' [PDB files](https://zenodo.org/record/8187806) (~100 data points per data set), averaging the results run on Apple M1 Pro, using a single CPU.

> Parameter settings were: atomic resolution, `distance_cutoff` of 5.5 Å, radius (for SRV only) of 10 Å. The [features modules](https://deeprank2.readthedocs.io/en/latest/features.html) used were `components`, `contact`, `exposure`, `irc`, `secondary_structure`, `surfacearea`, for a total of 33 features for PPIs and 26 for SRVs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Parameter settings were: atomic resolution, `distance_cutoff` of 5.5 Å, radius (for SRV only) of 10 Å. The [features modules](https://deeprank2.readthedocs.io/en/latest/features.html) used were `components`, `contact`, `exposure`, `irc`, `secondary_structure`, `surfacearea`, for a total of 33 features for PPIs and 26 for SRVs (the latter do not use `irc` features).
```
